# 配置
1. [client配](http://slider.incubator.apache.org/docs/client-configuration.html)
2. [App配置](http://slider.incubator.apache.org/docs/slider_specs/application_instance_configuration.html)
2. [安全集群](http://slider.incubator.apache.org/docs/security.html)
3. [RM && NM HA](http://slider.incubator.apache.org/docs/high_availability.html)

#### 可用环境变量
```
Property	Description
AGENT_LOG_ROOT	The root folder for the log
AGENT_WORK_ROOT	The root working folder
NN_URI	Name node URI given to Slider
NN_HOST	Name node host
"COMPONENT_NAME".ALLOCATED_PORT	Ask Slider to allocate a port，同一个component共用一个端口
{"COMPONENT_NAME".ALLOCATED_PORT}{PER_CONTAINER}	Ask Slider to allocate a port but keep it private to each container instance
DEFAULT_ZK_PATH	Default ZK path created by Slider if create.default.zookeeper.node is true
```
#### slider-client.xml 和 log4j.properties
通过`SLIDER_CONF_DIR`指定这两个文件的位置
1. log4j.properties   //client和server端都会读取
2. slider-client.xml  //client端读取  
可以继承$HADOOP_CONF_DIR/hadoop-site.xml和$HADOOP_CONF_DIR/yarn-site.xml里面的参数

Here is an example file:
```
<property>
  <name>yarn.resourcemanager.address</name>
  <value>namenode:8033</value>
</property>

<property>
  <name>fs.defaultFS</name>
  <value>hdfs://namenode:9000</value>
</property>

<property>
  <name>slider.yarn.restart.limit</name>
  <value>0</value>
  <description>How many times to start/restart the Slider AM.
  0 means "the maximum the YARN cluster allows</description>
</property>

<property>
  <name>ipc.client.fallback-to-simple-auth-allowed</name>
  <value>false</value>
</property>
```
am失败重试次数，同时受`slider.yarn.restart.limit`和 `yarn.resourcemanager.am.max-attempts`影响  

If an option is defined in the `slider-client.xml` file and on the command line -be it by a `-D key=value` declaration or a `--manager` or `--filesystem` definition. (this holds even if the value is declared with `<final>true</final>`).
#### 配置

If HADOOP_CONF_DIR environment variable is set to the directory that contains them —slider will pick up the settings in these files. If not, all settings must be placed in the file slider-client.xml

#### JVM配置
Core JVM options can be set in the environment variable `SLIDER_JVM_OPTS`; if unset the `bin/slider` script will use the default values that were current when that version of Slider was released. These values may change across versions, and may in fact be.

At the time of writing, the default values were:
```
"-Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true -Djava.awt.headless=true -Xmx256m -Dslider.confdir=${confdir}"
```
To allow some Java system properties to be set without editing this environment variable, such system properties may be set on the Slider command line through the `-S` parameter. For example, the following two operations are equivalent in terms of setting the system property `java.security.krb5.realm` to the value `LOCAL`.
```
export SLIDER_JVM_OPTS="-Djava.security.krb5.realm=LOCAL"
```
and
```
slider -S java.security.krb5.realm=LOCAL
```
Note that the first declaration invalidates all default JVM options; if any of those were desired, they should be included in the new definition.

Multiple system property declarations are allowed on the command line -including duplicate declarations. In such a case the order of assignment is undefined.

For any system property that the user expects to have to issue on every command -including any kerberos-related properties, adding them to the JVM options environment variable guarantees that they are always set.
#### Setting Slider client options on the command line with the `-D` parameter

The slider client is configured via Hadoop-style configuration options. To be precise, all standard Hadoop-common, hadoop-hdfs client and hadoop-yar client-side options control how Slider communicates with the Hadoop YARN cluster.

There are extra options specific to Slider itself, options which are again set as Hadoop configuration parameters.

All Hadoop and Slider options can be set on the command line using the `-D` parameter followed by the appropriate `key=value` argument

For example, here is a definition of the default Hadoop filesystem:
```
-D fs.defaultFS=hdfs://namenode:9000
```
Multiple definitions are of course allowed on the command line
```
-D fs.defaultFS=hdfs://namenode:9000 -D dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal=hdfs/namenode@LOCAL
```
Slider-specific options can be made the same way
```
-D slider.kerberos.principal=
```
If duplicate declarations are made the order of assignment is undefined.
